So with that there's was a lot about the new cli,
there's one last thing I want to cover,
what if you still want to use vue init? By default,
this will not work because the new cli replaced that vue command which the old cli also used.
So to make vue init work again, you just need to install a global package,
you can run that or install that on Mac and Linux with sudo npm install -g, on Windows, it's just
npm install -g and then the name of the package you need is @vue/cli init and this will
now enable that init command again.
So now you can run vue init again in exactly the same way as we used it in this course, so vue init, then which
template you want to use and then the name of the project.
So if you prefer this approach, you can still do that,
I can now still run vue init
webpack-simple vue-old-cli for example, if I hit enter it will create a new vue project
based on that old cli,
so I can answer this
and I got this project.
So this is still possible with the help of this extra package,
so now you really got the best of both worlds.
You can stick to the old cli if you prefer that or use the new cli with all the great features
I showed you in this module.